NARRATOR: Most people don't know
what a dead man's trigger is.
And even fewer need one.
A dead man's trigger
is a safety valve.
For reasons of security,
a person prepares a recourse
of such severe action
that, if harmed...
they will release a cache
of damaging evidence
against those enemies.
Given his situation,
Dr. Steven Greer
is one of those rare men.
[AUDIENCE APPLAUDS AND CHEERS]
Why would he need one?
He's not the first person
to push the disclosure
of a corrupt military
industrial agenda.
In the counsels of government,
we must guard against
the acquisition
of unwarranted influence
whether sought or unsought by
the military industrial complex.
NARRATOR: In his final
public speech,
a farewell address no less,
in a time when every second
on TV was priceless,
United States President
Dwight D. Eisenhower
decided not to brag about
his victory in the Korean War.
Instead, he cashed in all
his chips to warn this nation
of a hidden enemy.
We have been compelled to create
a permanent armaments industry
of vast proportions.
The total influence
economic, political,
even spiritual,
is felt in every city,
every statehouse,
every office of
the federal government.
We recognize the imperative need
for this development,
yet we must not fail
to comprehend
its grave implications.
GREER: When I was with
Laurance Rockefeller
at his ranch in 1993,
he turned to me and he said,
"The implications of this
are so vast and so profound
that no aspect of life on Earth
will be unchanged
by its disclosure."
I said, "Yes, Laurance.
That's why it's been
kept secret.
It's not because it's trivial.
It's because the implications
are so profound."
So there have been attempts
to bring this information out
for over sixty years.
And here we sit in 2012
with the world still burning
oil and gas and coal
when we have had
technologies, sciences,
and all the information we need
to have had a completely new
civilization.
NARRATOR: What Eisenhower
warned us about
over sixty years ago,
according to Steve Greer,
has long become truth
in Washington, DC.
[RADIO DJ SPEAKING]
LODER: Why is Washington, DC
booming?
Because the rest of the country
is sending their money here!
My name is Ted Loder.
I've been working
with CSETI program
and Dr. Greer for 15 years.
What one always wonders,
if the public really knew
what was going on with
the government covert programs
and how much money
has been put into it -
you know, hundreds of billions
of dollars -
I think the public would be
a little annoyed.
NARRATOR: Thomas Jefferson
believed all men have
the right to life, liberty,
and the pursuit of happiness.
The government they formed
would serve
to secure those rights.
But when corporations
or other specialized
groups of men
become more powerful
than those who govern,
our security is at stake.
[RADIO BROADCASTED SPEECH]
GREER: Thomas Jefferson
wrote about unchecked power
of a corporation
being a threat to the democracy
and the banks.
NARRATOR: You see,
the US Federal Reserve Bank
issues every dollar bill.
Yet, it is not run
by the US government
or any elected official.
It is owned by
a private banking cartel.
PAUL: But here I find the
chairman of the Federal Reserve,
who's in charge of the dollar,
in charge of the money,
in charge of what the money
supply is going to be...
The middle class
is being wiped out,
and nobody's understanding
that it has to do with
the value of money.
Prices are going up.
So how are you able
to defend this policy
of deliberate depreciation
of our money?
BERNANKE: A lot depends on what
happens to the price of oil.
NARRATOR: The four horsemen,
or families of banking
who own and run
the Federal Reserve,
also run the four largest
oil companies.
Oil is also used
to make and run
machinery in current
mechanical technology.
Of course, there's one industry
that needs these
more than anyone else:
the Military Industrial Complex.
You begin to get into
this very scary scenario
that has to do with
the human condition
of the proclivity to accumulate
vast amounts of power
around a handful of people.
[CROWD CHEERING]
Alright, sit down and shut up.
And right now
these misanthropic sociopaths
are running the planet
into the ground.
LODER: When Congress
or whatever else
or budget directors say
we've lost a hundred billion
dollars in black program,
what does the public do?
What can the public do?
We can complain
to our congressmen,
but our congressmen
can't get any information.
NARRATOR: With lobbyists,
interest groups,
campaign funding,
the economic powers that be
have learned to control
the political sphere.
GREER: These politicians become
almost like placeholders,
and they don't realize that
until they get into
the White House
or into the Senate
Intelligence Committee.
It doesn't matter
who the president is.
They're going to do
what they want to do.
NARRATOR: And that
which is good for them
isn't always good
for everybody else.
[EXPLOSION]
From 1945-1998,
2,053 nuclear bombs
exploded on this planet.
United States detonated
over half of them.
Now I have become death,
the destroyer of worlds.
When the first nuclear bomb
was exploded in Trinity,
Robert Oppenheimer,
one of the founding fathers
of the nuclear age, said,
"We have done this before."
CREMO: It could have been that
Oppeneheimer was speaking about
weapons described
in the ancient Sanskrit texts,
like the Mahabharata
WILCOCK: in which they refer
to a bolt of iron
charged with the light
of a thousand suns.
This bolt of iron
was hurled in anger
and led to an explosive event,
which is very graphically
described
in this religious scripture,
specifically showing
all the key indications
of radiation sickness
and the various problems
with nuclear weaponry
that we've come to expect.
GREER: When we started
detonating
thermonuclear weapons,
atomic weapons,
and developing these sort of
destructive technologies,
the civilizations that have been
watching this planet
for millennia said, "Oh my God.
These people are going
way off the reservation.
They are now an existential
threat to themselves,
but also to other planets,
potentially."
All over the world,
we see very conclusive evidence
that ancient people
were in contact
with extraterrestrial life.
The Japanese said that their
civilization was given to them
by a people they call the Dogu,
who came from
what they described as
"Ama no Tori Bune,"
which translates as
"bird boat universe,"
meaning flying boats
from the universe.
The ancient Sanskrit writings
of India have
elaborate descriptions of
"vimana" or "flying craft."
These texts are
thousands of years old.
They predate any conception
that we have
of spacecraft or aircraft.
NARRATOR: But evidence is not
just found in ancient texts.
It is also captured
in our ancestors' art,
as if it was plainly obvious
that ET vehicles
appeared in ancient skies.
It is a forgone conclusion
by most broad-minded people
that we are not alone
in this universe.
The question is,
how close are they?
HODGES: And we all looked up
at once.
It was almost like
an intelligence told us,
"Hey, look over here.
We're here."
Saw a few red lights
in a triangle
almost directly overhead.
I saw these things,
and I ran inside
and got my brothers and sister.
It actually lifted up,
and it could actually turn.
I wasn't one who believed
that UFO's might exist,
I was satisfied they exist.
CARTER: They estimated
100 yards from the left wing
was this 100-foot disc.
A lot of the astronauts
are told a lie,
and they're good Americans, too.
They develop the film
from the moon.
Everything that's done by NASA.
[SURPRISED SHOUTS]
NARRATOR: There's so much
evidence out there
that even if less than 1%
is true,
that would be enough to collapse
the current paradigm
and change the whole planet.
This is our signature tones
[TONAL CHIRPING]
that we broadcast over
a small walkie-talkie.
They were recorded
in a crop circle.
What happens is
the extraterrestrials -
they come into the area
where we vector them in
with the signature tones
that we broadcast,
and it enables them to hone in
and get a real good fix
on where the site is
while we're setting up.
The whole concepts of
the crossing point of light,
the physics of consciousness,
and interstellar communication
all were developed on a kind of
a vision quest we did here
in '95 or '96.
NARRATOR: Astronomer
J. Allen Hynek
developed the scale to identify
the types of human-ET
encounters.
From his original
three categories,
a fourth, more controversial,
has been added: CE-4.
Even more controversial,
Steven Greer added
a fifth kind of encounter:
CE-5:
Human Initiated Contact.
So, how is this done?
Given Schroedinger's idea
that the number of all minds
in the universe is one,
in order to make
this type of contact,
a human could potentially access
that single inner consciousness
through intense meditation
and then visualize his location
down through the Milky Way
to the planet Earth
to wherever he sits
under the stars.
In theory, then,
any extraterrestrial passing by
would be able
to hear the broadcast
and know exactly where to go
if they choose to do so.
GREER: It's interesting how many
people have never been, uh...
out in a place like this,
where they can see
the whole Milky Way galaxy.
Most people who come for a week,
it alters their life.
JENNIFER:
There's meditation techniques.
There's remote viewing
techniques.
And once you start
learning these processes
and refining them,
then you can make contact
more quickly, more easily,
and be more of a asset
to the group.
GREER: Checking that there's
no source from anyone else
so that when we do start having
electromagnetic signals
through this,
we know that
it's a legitimate source.
My name's Emery Smith.
I've been with CSETI
for approximately three years.
Getting a base line reading
from us.
My duties consist
of a couple things:
I am Dr. Greer's
head security detail.
I also am their photographer.
I operate anywhere from two
to six cameras at one time.
AUMAN: Many of the craft
that are coming in
are trans dimensional
and, the way I understand it,
not visible to the human eye,
and that's where this new
technology - the night vision -
that's where that's
coming into play.
SMITH: With the advent of new
technology that's out there,
it becomes easier and easier
for us to capture these beings
and these celestial objects
on film.
After you do the night vision,
it has a green hue, of course,
and after a while when you
get back to real life,
you're thinking,
"Why isn't everything green?
This can't be reality."
GREER: I'm going to show
an early one
from Gulf Breeze
from 1992.
We went down there
and one of the fun things
that happened
is that I had about
40-50 people:
"Let's go out on the beach."
And we didn't have
good cameras then,
but you'll get the feeling
of how exciting it was
having all these people,
and one and then two and then
three and then four ET craft
materialized right in the sky.
-There it goes:
one, two, three.
-Yes! Four!
-There is four.
-There's four! There's four!
GREER: We have a confirmed CE-5.
-Holy damn hot shit!
-Hot Dog!
-Hallelujah!
GREER: (LAUGHING) So the point-
the point is-
it's fun!
[APPLAUSE]
It is your responsibility
to go into meditation,
find a little bit of time -
ten-fifteen minutes,
and remote view who's up there
and how many.
I can attest to the fact that
real phenomenon happens here.
I really feel
that his CE-5 protocols
are based on a spiritual kind of
positive contact,
and I think that
that is an excellent model
for any kind of communication,
whether it be on Earth,
the United Nations or wherever,
but in this particular field,
it's with cosmic cultures.
MAKREAS: And we use
consciousness,
meditation, visualization,
remote viewing, certain tones,
and we do it in a group
when we can,
or even as individuals.
It's just been this series
of unbelievable events
that are amplified
by our meditation.
It enforces this communication
between us and the ETs,
and it's so interactive.
I can feel everything.
I can hear all the sounds.
Just right there.
GREER: Perfect.
And then this being -
the larger one - comes up,
and I kind of- we have this hug
and I shared joy
and I'm, like, just thanking it
for this experience.
Let's do what we can do
to feel as if it would feel-
that this is perfectly normal
and natural.
And that this is...
GREER: Relaxing, in that
flow of consciousness. Exactly.
I was jarred by our group
getting, like, tripped out
and in that kind of like-
I was startled
by some of the ways our group
was being and I was going-
and then were moments
where I was like,
"Wow! I can only imagine
how a visitor might feel!"
The ETs pick up
on your intentions,
and if you're really
out there just to learn
and really want to communicate
with these extraterrestrials,
well, it's going to happen.
[PRAYER CHANTING]
GREER: And we ask these
extraterrestrial civilizations
to join us
as they begin to learn of us,
to help us,
and to understand us,
even as we endeavor
to understand them
and welcome them here
to this beautiful planet.
Amen.
-Oh my God!
GREER: Another beautiful...
-Stunning. Absolutely stunning.
-Not an aircraft.
GREER: Oh, here comes
a military plane. Right here.
Yeah, it's a very fast military-
It turned right to it, yeah.
KEHOE: Literally,
my heart literally sunk
when the jet, you know,
got to where the craft
had to phase out.
Like, to feel
all that love build
and then to feel
that jet coming in
and it was, like,
on a heart level,
my heart literally sunk
when the jet crossed the path
where it had to be gone.
KALEKA: So on the camera
that's what you got?
You got, like,
this light traveling,
'cause you can see
it's not like a satellite
where it's got, like, a path.
It's got like a, you know,
like a movement.
Yeah, and then it's gone.
When I was seventeen,
I injured myself.
It got so infected,
and at the time -
because I was very poor and
I didn't have any healthcare,
I just laid there, and I got
sicker and sicker and sicker,
and I had a near-death
experience.
I found myself
out in deep space,
and it was this experience
of complete oneness
with the cosmos.
Not just with Earth
and life on Earth,
but with the stars
and the infinity of creation.
It certainly altered the course
of what I would end up doing
because I then
learned meditation.
I actually became very aware
of the power of the mind.
NARRATOR: This experience helped
guide the direction of his life.
Though Greer went on
to earn a medical degree
and raise a family,
he continued to study
consciousness and contact.
Decades later, it seems he would
be the doctor called upon first
to examine
the very unusual body.
GREER: This came to us
in the last couple of years,
and there is a man who runs
an institute in another country
that I cannot talk about.
But he came into possession
of a little creature.
It is humanoid.
It does not look human.
We have acquired an EBE
- an extraterrestrial
biological entity.
We're flying over
to Europe soon
to take some tissue samples
and do some DNA testing.
GREER: This was found
in the Atacama Desert.
We don't know how it came about.
Here is a great view of the face
and cheekbone - very complex.
Now, there is a fracture here,
and behind this right ear
is caved in,
and that's how this ET being
was killed.
SMITH: We have the best
scientists in the US,
from Stanford, that are going to
be doing the testing itself
to see what this really is
and also to rule out
what it's not.
NOLAN: The initial reaction
that I had is the same reaction
that many of my colleagues
here at Stanford
and elsewhere have had,
when I've shown them is
"Wow! What is this?"
The question is important enough
in at least two ways.
The primary reason is that
there's a lot of claims
about specimens
and claims about aliens.
And of course, there's a lot of
ridicule associated with that,
so one of the best things
that we should be doing
is bringing the best
scientific techniques to bare.
The techniques are available.
The techniques are cheap.
The answers are nearly absolute,
so let's do it.
[NOLAN TALKING TO GREER]
In setting up for this,
I'm going to be giving Steve
not only the tubes
that this should be going into,
but I'm also going to be sending
across the microscope
that I feel they should be using
to do the analysis with.
Before we even get started
with some of the analysis,
I think it's going to be
important to rule out
some of the obvious critiques
that could come up,
and one of those critiques
is that this is
a syndrome or a mutation;
this is a bone dysplasia.
Luckily, here at Stanford,
we happen to have literally
the world's expert
- the man who wrote the book on
bone dysplasias and syndromes -
a gentleman by the name
of Dr. Ralph Lachman,
who has kindly agreed
to look at the specimen,
both pictures as well as
the CT scans and the X-rays,
to help determine whether or not
it's anything
that he's ever seen before.
I think that a dozen
or even 15 years ago,
answering the question
of "What is this?"
would really not have been
possible because
the kinds of technologies
were not available
as are available today.
But really
the DNA tells the story,
and because we have
the computational techniques-
that allows us to determine
in very sure order
whether in fact this is human.
So this will be basically
an absolute level of proof
as to what this actually is.
GREER: The problem is not
proving that UFOs exist.
It's when you begin
to expose the energy
and propulsion systems
behind how they're getting here.
You're talking about unveiling
an entirely new science
that would replace oil,
gas, coal,
nuclear power,
public utilities,
and this is the six hundred
trillion dollar problem.
[ELECTRICITY BUZZING]
VALONE: The patent office,
after they fired me,
I had to wait six years
before I got rehired.
Everybody at the office
was avoiding the case,
but when they finally did,
the arbitrator wrote
an 85-page report
on how the media
had caused my dismissal.
I only got a 30-day suspension
out of the whole thing.
[LAUGHING]
Which was taken out of the tiny
little bit of six-year back pay.
So that was great.
-That's wonderful.
-It made it all worth it.
That's how we were able
to open the offices and stuff.
[ELECTRICITY BUZZING]
LODER: It was very comfortable.
No feeling of being shocked
or anything else.
Just a, you know, good feeling;
comfortable.
What scientists need to do
and normal people need to do
is they need to look at
the hardcore evidence,
decide that- oh, my gosh-
ETs are real,
and then get over that.
And if that's the case,
then you can start extrapolating
because they're getting here,
which means
they have solved the physics
problem, if you will.
VALONE: That's an actual
photograph
that Mark Whitford took -
a friend of mine.
And you see the stars
in the background,
so this is a fixed camera.
The craft was a triangular craft
moving away from him,
and all of a sudden
it makes a right angle turn.
Apparently it has what I would
describe as inertial shielding.
That's the only way something
can make a right angle turn
without having everybody killed
inside of the craft.
NARRATOR: Though we experience
inertial forces every day,
their origins remain a mystery.
However, there are theories
that point to
interactions between objects
with mass
and a quantum energy field.
VALONE: Inertia is due to the
zero point energy interaction.
You're interacting
with a charged matrix,
which is the zero point field.
If you try to change that,
then you get a reaction force.
There must be
an interference shield
of electromagnetic nature
that would stop that interaction
with the zero point field.
And you can suspect that UFOs
have already figured this out
because they wouldn't be
flying around
and still have inhabitants.
NARRATOR:
New energy scientists today
are attempting to find new ways
to define the relationship
between electricity, gravity,
magnetism, and propulsion.
But as history has shown,
change does not always
come easy.
MURAD: It's like Newton.
"Why's that apple falling?"
Nobody ever asked
that question before
or even tried to come up
with an answer,
and Newton comes up
with something called
Newton bucket
or Newton's problem.
The only guy that solves it
300 years later is Einstein,
so, you know,
how smart can we be?
[GRUNTS]
[LAUGHING]
If you look at everything normal
within the conventional wisdom,
you're not going to learn
anything new.
My name's Morgan Boardman.
I am the chief financial officer
of Morningstar Applied Physics.
My business partners
are Paul Murad
and Dr. John Brandenburg.
What we're doing,
like I said earlier,
is we're using a magnetic field
that's rotating about the axis
with the hope of generating
a magnetic vortex.
In essence,
we are trying to start
a civilian advanced research
projects agency.
Ok. Alright, so basically
we have four options.
Option one is
a retarded potential.
Option two is
a lagging image, right?
Option three is pointing vector
as a motive for propulsion.
That may be
what's happening, right?
And that's actually taking
angular momentum
and changing it into linear
momentum
if it's working the way
we want it to, right?
Ok. And then the fourth one is
that we are somehow
either generating
and/or absorbing gravity waves.
-You got it.
MURAD: Do we accept
Einstein's viewpoint
that thou shall not go faster
than the speed of light?
If you look at a black hole,
the comment is that gravity is
so strong that nothing leaves,
but it does have something
that leaves a black hole,
and that is gravity.
So does that imply
that gravity
moves faster than
the speed of light?
Could be.
NARRATOR: Gravity is another
one of those seemingly
self-evident forces
that has raised
a number of questions:
How does it really work?
How can we use it
to our advantage?
In the mid-1920s,
T. Townsend Brown discovered
that electric charge and
gravitational mass are coupled,
and that by building devices
that harness
these interactive forces,
we could create
advanced propulsion.
At about the same time,
Nikola Tesla and Thomas Edison
won the Nobel prize in physics,
but both refused it.
Tesla was at the end of
a long career of inventing.
He had advanced technology
in the fields of X-ray,
radio waves,
internal combustion,
and, of course,
atmospheric electricity.
When everything
was said and done,
he had earned 112 US patents.
He proved that electricity can
travel wirelessly in the air
and ultimately died penniless.
However, his work
did influence many others,
most notably Lester Hendershot
and Dr. T. Henry Moray.
Hendershot invented
a magnetronic generator
to energize an impossible
flight, if fueled by gas,
that took Charles Lindberg
and the Spirit of St. Louis
from New York to Paris.
Dr. T. Henry Moray
developed the Moray Valve,
a device for extracting radiant
energy from the zero point field
and demonstrated this device
hundreds of times
and had dozens
of signed affidavits
supporting his science.
Yet, in the end, even these
two notable scientists
were ignored and bullied.
Dr. Moray's device
was hammered down
and broken into pieces
by a competitor,
and before he could
finish reconstruction,
he passed away
of natural causes.
Hendershot fled to Mexico
to continue work
but was found dead
at 61 years of age,
attributed to suicide.
There's all kinds
of skullduggery
that happened there.
I don't think T. Henry Moray
ever got a decent chance
to ever do anything with that.
There is absolutely no question
that T. Henry Moray
had a system that produced
about 50 kilowatts
out of a 55-pound box.
The conventional
electrodynamics model
does not allow this to happen.
In other words,
it doesn't allow you
to extract excess energy
from the vacuum
and use that to power your load.
It costs just as much to restore
it as what's used to destroy it,
so we've got to put in more than
we can ever get out in a load
with such a squirrely circuit,
and that's the only circuit
we've used in power systems
since day one.
We're still building them.
We're still making power systems
that deliberately kill them
so we pay the power company
to have a giant wrestling match
inside this generator and lose.
VALONE: In the 1950s, there were
some very provocative articles
saying that electrogravitics
is the best thing
since sliced bread,"
how all the aviation companies
are now backing
electrogravitics.
They're all doing
experiments on it.
Well, within a couple of years,
there was no news at all.
GREER: Once they figured out
that they could really
control gravity,
1954, it all went black.
Do you think the boys
in the black projects
have solved that problem?
Because it sure sounds like it
from what the witnesses
have told me.
I wouldn't know.
Sorry, but I can't even
think about it.
I've seen so many things
in my life,
it's just hard to say.
REPORTER: A local inventor has
discovered a way, hear this,
to use water to run your car!
What Stan shared with me
was interesting.
In order to run this engine
off of water,
we've also had to learn
the ability to adjust
the burn rate of hydrogen
to coequal the fossil fuels.
So he applies for a patent,
and then he gets a call from,
actually a visitation,
by two guys from the Pentagon.
REPORTER: The Pentagon flew a
Lieutenant Colonel in last week
to look at Meyer's invention.
There's talk
of possibly using it
in the Star Wars
defense program
and to run army tanks.
But he asked that
this become public patent
so that civilians
could benefit from it,
and he indicated
that if we don't do that,
overseas people will.
NARRATOR: In 1996,
Meyer was sued by his investors,
who claimed the device
was not revolutionary,
despite verification
of the unique
voltage intensifier circuit
by the US patent office.
Meyer was brought to trial,
but key evidence
was not allowed.
His oral testimony
was not even recorded,
due to an audio recorder
malfunction,
and the judge recessed early
for vacation.
Later, Meyer made an appeal
that was denied.
He was found guilty of fraud
and ordered to repay
his investors,
putting an immediate dent on the
idea of funding new technology.
On March 20th, 1998,
Stanley joined his brother
and two NATO officials
for a dinner meeting.
Stan took a sip
of cranberry juice.
He grabbed his neck,
ran out of the restaurant,
and fell to the ground
saying, "They poisoned me!"
He fell down after eating
at a restaurant nearby
where he lived.
Fell down in the parking lot
and said, "I've been poisoned!"
and collapsed.
And that's on the police report?
-Yeah.
NARRATOR: The police report
confirms his words.
The cause of death
was written to be an aneurism.
Though he left behind
just enough materials
for others to piece together
his process,
the full secrets of his device
died with him.
So, from this
I began to do more work
with the administration -
various people,
friends of the president,
the Rockefeller family.
Laurance was the white hat
in that crowd
who wanted us to bring
this information out.
Actually hosted us at the
Rockefeller ranch in the Tetons.
And one night he pulled me out
on the deck, and he said,
"Well, you know, we really
need you to do this."
I said, "Laurance,
you're old, you're rich,
and you're a Rockefeller.
What do you want me to do?
I'm just a country doctor
banging around in an ER
in North Carolina."
He says, "No, no.
We want you to do this."
I went, "Okay."
So I'm the throw-away guy.
I'm the guy you can throw away
'cause my life doesn't matter.
KING: We are back
in Rachel, Nevada,
with our first two
distinguished guests.
Steven Greer is
a North Carolina doctor.
He does a lot more
than watch the skies.
He fires off messages,
and he says that someone
or something is responding.
Dr. Greer is looking for close
encounters of the fifth kind.
What, at this minute,
do you believe?
GREER: Our assessment,
at this point,
is that there is at least one
extraterrestrial civilization,
which has managed
to make its way
to our corner of the universe,
and #2: that there's
no evidence at all
that they have hostile
intentions towards this planet,
and #3: that the priority,
at this point,
must be trying to establish
some sort of a liaison to them,
some sort of a diplomatic
liaison to them,
and that's
what we're working on.
NARRATOR: Officer "X",
a high-ranking military veteran,
joined forces with Dr. Greer
in order to use his military
and government influence
to gain access
to high-level officials.
Dr. Greer did indeed
mount an initiative
and did go to Washington.
Did speak with high-level
government people.
I attended
and helped him with that.
We briefed certain members
of Congress,
some of their staff,
some of the people
from the White House.
We talked with people
in the Pentagon.
It led me to the belief
that people
in high-level government
have very, very little, if any
information - valid information.
NARRATOR: One of the most
important of all the meetings
was with CIA Director
R. James Woolsey.
GREER: Here I fly up
to Washington.
The cover story was
a dinner party.
One of the things that I found
was that this CIA director
wasn't lying
when he communicated to us
that he had not had access
to these projects.
He was shaken to his core.
We met for, not twenty minutes,
almost three hours,
and by the end of it,
I handed him-
my hands were shaking-
I handed him this document,
and it was a position paper
recommending executive orders
in the things
the Clinton administration
and he needed to do
to get control of this mess.
And he looked at it,
and he looked at me.
He says, "Yes."
He says,
"But how do we disclose
that which we have
no access to?"
And I almost wept.
I went, "What?!"
NARRATOR: Dr. Greer
approached many DC officials
in an attempt to gain
an audience.
One of the people
who took him seriously
was former CIA Director
Bill Colby.
COLBY: True,
if there's truth in it,
there can be a danger
in that situation.
We've seen that happen
in other cases.
I said, "You have to consider
the possibility
of some danger to,
not only your reputation,
but to your person.
I mean there are-
People do react rather violently
to some kinds of charges,
particularly if they're true."
Now, you know
I'm a 30-some-year-old doctor
with four kids,
a golden retriever,
and a house in North Carolina,
so I'm going-
This is down
the rabbit hole fast.
But that is the situation,
my friends,
when you're dealing with secrecy
that is criminal and illegal.
NARRATOR: In 1997,
in an effort to push his message
deeper into Congress
and the White House,
Greer headed to Phoenix
to prepare a video
with his best evidence
to show in Washington, DC.
While he was
in the editing room,
the biggest UFO-witnessed event
in history was about to happen.
KITEI: On March 13th, 1997,
when the Hale-Bopp comet was
very clear in the northwest sky,
thousands of people were outside
trying to get a glimpse of it
when they also caught
a glimpse of these orbs.
Giant orbs equidistant
in a V-formation
of a mile to two-mile wide
in some very credible reports.
And that's
the particular area
where these phenomena
keep popping up
from my vantage point.
The Native Americans
living in the basin
between the South Mountain
and the Estrellas
have told me that,
not only were they looking up
at the Phoenix Lights
during the mass sighting,
but they've been looking up
at them for centuries.
DOVER: I live in
a community called Loop,
northeast of Flagstaff, on
the Navajo Indian Reservation.
We'll have to go back in time
one day before.
We saw six to seven lights that
were circling along the horizon.
The entire street came out.
It was almost like
a block party.
Everybody turned off
their lights.
Everybody sat
in their front yards,
and everybody watched
this unusual light show.
KITEI: I squeezed down
the best of what I found
and finally came forward in 2004
with The Phoenix Lights:
A Skeptic's Discovery
That We Are Not Alone.
SCHWARTZ: 10,000 people,
approximately, witnessed this -
one of the largest experiences
of this sort ever recorded.
MITCHELL: The Phoenix Lights
phenomenon
didn't seem to be falsifiable
in any way.
It was being validated
by most everybody that saw it.
The ultimate,
shall we say, insult
was the governor of the state
of Arizona, Fife Symington,
finally calling
a news conference,
saying that he has
finally got the answer
to the Phoenix Lights,
and he introduces
some staff member
dressed up as a space alien.
People got very angry because
here is the top elected official
of the state
making fun of,
what I estimate to be,
close to probably
10,000 people saw this.
NARRATOR: Under the watchful eye
of the public,
Symington retracted
his statement.
If you had been here ten years
ago and standing out here
and looking up there
at the lights and the view,
you would have been astounded.
You would have been amazed.
CNN REPORTER: The so-called
Phoenix Lights
were seen by many people
in 1997.
Skeptics say they were
military aircraft or flares,
but not the former governor.
SYMINGTON: It was probably some
form of an alien spacecraft.
On our way to Barcelona!
SMITH: Barcelona!
To retrieve the evidence.
SMITH: Dr. Bravo.
- Hi there.
SMITH: Are you ready
for the trip?
I'm ready for the trip.
I'm so excited.
We're going to do some
very wonderful work,
and I can't wait
to get the results.
SMITH: Upon arriving in Spain
to look at the being
for the very first time,
I was kind of skeptical.
It was definitely a game-changer
for my thought process
to actually see it in person
than to see it on film.
The first thing we had to do
was go to the radiology lab
'cause we needed X-rays and CAT
scans before we did anything.
The best we can get.
Do we understand...
SMITH: The head radiologist
at the center saw the being
and was quite impressed.
And the first thing
she said was,
"Wow! That looks like an alien."
[LOW CHATTER]
When the CAT scan images started
coming up on the computer,
it was just profound.
I saw inside the bone.
I saw organs, bone material,
brain material.
I knew that this was not a hoax;
it was not fake.
That this was actually
some sort of living creature.
NOLAN: Right.
Well, if somebody made it,
they have a future
in microsurgery
because they were
smart enough, then,
to put in these millimeter-wide
bone holes
where the arteries go in
to feed the bone marrow.
So, now the challenge is
to prove what it is, right?
My interest, frankly,
is to disprove
that it's anything unusual
or anything paranormal.
I would like to prove
that this is human.
I would like to prove that this
is just an interesting mutation,
but obviously, if you leave
your mind open- or I should say
if you leave your mind closed
to alternatives,
you'll never see what those
alternatives might actually be.
In every situation
with scientists,
your reputation's at stake.
You know, I have every
expectation that even doing this
is going to lead to some ribbing
from some of my colleagues.
But I think that
that's perfectly acceptable
because at the end of the day,
who's going to validate
these things?
If someone isn't willing to
step forward and do it right;
then you're going to have it
sitting out there forever,
hanging in limbo.
If you let other people
and their opinions
stop you from believing
what you know to be true,
then all you're doing is
stopping the possibility
of progress.
Anytime anybody tries to study
this subject seriously,
we're subject to ridicule.
I'm a full professor at
a relatively major university,
and I'm certain that
my colleagues at the university
laugh at me and hoot and holler
behind my back
when they hear
that I have an interest
in studying
unidentified flying objects.
There's really a subtle kind
of suppression at play here.
You don't worry about
what the CEO of Enron thinks
about what you say.
You worry about
what your friends think.
You worry about what your
parents would think
if you posted
whatever you care about
on Facebook or something.
We take the risk
to appear to be a crackpot.
There may be people who are
going to be threatened by that
for any number of reasons.
My feeling was that
I was involved
in a lot of strange
activities,
so I'd try to say to myself,
"Lt's not look at this
with too much exposure"
and mentioned it because there's
a question of credibility.
This should be the subject
of rigorous
scientific investigation
and not the subject
of rubbishing
by tabloid newspapers.
HARZAN: MUFON is
the Mutual UFO Network,
and it was founded in 1969
by Walt Anders.
And our mission statement is
"The scientific study of UFOs
for the benefit of humanity."
MUFON is the world's largest
UFO investigative organization.
We have approximately
3,000 members worldwide.
Approximately 500 of those
have their PhDs.
These are people who really
would like to delve deep into
the UFO phenomenon
and try to figure out,
not only what it is,
but how it's happening.
NARRATOR:
Armed with what he thought
was some of the best
available evidence,
including the Phoenix Lights,
Steve Greer organized
a Project Starlight briefing
before several
Congress, Pentagon,
and White House
staff members.
Things seemed to be on track for
disclosure.
GREER: We have the actual
schematic of the device
and the internal,
all of it,
with a lot of detail,
and this is a cutaway.
This was done and escaped
government control,
whereas the Bentwaters case
took twenty-some years
in England.
So this is in our possession
and not the Ministry of Defense
Or it would never be found.
Where it would go into
a black hole.
NARRATOR: But then
the bad news came.
Shari Adamiak, Steve's partner
and long-time friend,
along with Steve
and another team member
were all suddenly diagnosed
with a malignant cancer.
GREER: I've had these
experiences
since I was a child
or a young man,
but to articulate them
so other people understand them,
I need someone
with capacity to hear it.
She was that person.
GREER: I mean, it's been-
LODER: You can't resolve things.
-very hard for me
to get up every day.
You know, but...
One of the last places
she wanted to come was here.
So she asked that her ashes
be placed on the land,
so we put her ashes
around that tree.
I don't take anything
for granted, frankly,
and so each time that I do
a presentation or lead a group,
I think,
"This may be the last time."
The thing that has
kept me going the most
is not any external thing,
but the experience of that
near-death experience
where I know that there's an
aspect of us that doesn't die,
that is why
I can go mano-a-mano
with these elements
and not be afraid.
I shouldn't say "be afraid."
Not stand down.
Everyone has fear.
I've certainly had my fears.
But it gives you an anchor,
so that you can go forward.
NARRATOR: More than ever,
Dr. Greer understood
what he had always sensed.
It was not the power of
a cosmic field or quantum vacuum
that would propel us
into the new world.
It was the mind.
This really is the opening
to an entirely new science
of consciousness.
You can maybe
think of consciousness
as a television set.
On the TV screen,
you see pictures
and sounds and so forth.
And if you tried to find out
where that was coming from,
and you looked inside
the television,
you're not going to find it.
It's not there.
The signal is in
the radio waves around it,
invisible to us,
that's being interpreted
by the television
as pictures and sounds.
So this is very much like
the state of how we understand
the mind and consciousness.
GREER: Dr. John at Princeton
proved that putting
your awareness on a device
that was a random number
generator would affect it.
So you have
this random number generator,
and it's producing 50/50
ones and zeros.
And then you introduce
a person into the picture,
and you tell them try
to affect it with their mind -
to think more ones
or more zeros.
You measure that,
and sure enough what they found
was that there are more ones
or more zeros being produced
that correlate
to that person's intention.
You can see effects
being produced
forwards and backwards in time,
which is really strange.
Distance doesn't seem
to matter as much.
You can get the same
strength of effects
if you're right in front
of the RNG
or if you're on the other side
of the planet.
Consciousness is
a non-local field,
and it isn't limited
to your brain waves and body.
Dr. John had the opportunity
to ask the Dalai Lama
if he thought the random
number generators themselves
were conscious.
And the Dalai Lama
thought about it,
and his reply was that
if you think they're conscious,
then they're conscious.
NARRATOR: Just like
consciousness can have
positive effects
on the Zeitgeist or ether,
it can also work the other way.
VALONE: Unfortunately, when you
start to deal with inventors
who have anomalous results
that seem to be over unity,
paranoia seems to accompany
that process.
And John Searl's famous
for having
a circular magnetic device
that has both energy and
propulsion built into one unit.
MURAD: The electric company felt
that this guy
was stealing money,
took him to court,
went to jail,
his house caught fire,
and all of his property
and all of his designs burned.
The concept of freedom,
this sort of idea
of people having the liberty
to pursue happiness
and to pursue abundance,
this has been completely,
in a sense, turned upside down.
We actually reprinted
a report on
the military involvement
of the Department of Energy,
and it's so extensive.
It's the major operation
that goes on there.
LODER: There have been over
5,000 patents
that have been sequestered by
the National Security State,
taken out of the public domain.
Many of them deal with
energy technologies.
VALONE: It's a policy that
the military seems to feel is
necessary for national security.
However, at this point,
we often wondered 50 years after
World War II and the Cold War
whether such sequestering
is necessary.
NARRATOR: Suppression
of new technology
would be an obvious
plague on the idea
and strength
of a free market system.
Yet, it still seems to happen
right in front of our eyes.
And this is a huge controversy,
one of the largest,
maybe most intense controversies
in the history of science.
There's nothing worse, I found,
than suggesting to academic
physicists, in particular,
and academics, in general,
that they are, not only wrong,
but disastrously wrong.
Catastrophically wrong.
Cold fusion patents
have not been approved.
They will not get through.
American citizens
are being denied
their constitutional rights.
I, inadvertently, was looking
through some piles of paper
that had been given to me
in a casual manner
by all these hot fusion
physicists
as they were trying to do
their calorimetric repeat
of the Pons-Fleischmann
experiment.
I was stunned. I couldn't
believe what I was seeing.
It looked like monkey business
to me at the time,
and it has turned out
to be exactly that.
It was represented as a negative
result when it was positive.
And that data is scientific
fraud, as far as I'm concerned.
It's been referred to legal
authorities in the government.
I asked for a review at MIT,
got nowhere.
If this type of manipulation
had occurred
in any "legitimate"
research area,
such as cancer research,
AIDS research,
global warming research -
anything that's accepted
as reasonable to be researching,
people would lose their jobs.
They wouldn't be in science.
And yet these people today,
their data is used today -
year 2000
and all before
to reject patents.
Yes, there is serious
criminal activity going on
that ultimately
must be rooted out.
It became very clear to me
that, you know, you kind of had
a tiger by the tail here
and that this was serious.
NARRATOR: For a moment,
Dr. Greer considered
shutting everything down.
He had been threatened and
swindled far too many times.
Shari was gone.
He had no office,
no staff, no money.
Back in 1998,
I was given information
by a friend
that Dr. Greer was
having a conference.
Literally the month
that Shari Adamiak passed away,
within thirty days,
I have this scheduled event.
So I went to the conference
and learned some things
and listened.
So she just on a lark came,
and she's an emergency doctor
like I am.
And what really
grabbed my attention was
he was getting
all this information
from military witnesses.
That was in 1998.
By 2000, when we were planning
and storyboarding
and working the whole
Disclosure Project event out
and pulling together
all these hundreds of witnesses,
we didn't really have
the funding to do it.
But she got so supportive
and involved that
that she lived very modestly and
took all of her excess income
and donated it.
[APPLAUSE]
And I want to acknowledge some
amazing people that are here:
Dr. Jan Bravo,
without whom we would not have
the Disclosure Project.
[APPLAUSE]
But it's not just the funding
she's provided.
It's the moral support
and the encouragement
and the friendship.
And so she's become
a very key person.
And, you know, it's sort of
metaphysical and odd
that literally the month
that Shari Adamiak passed away,
within thirty days,
I have this scheduled event.
NARRATOR: Not alone anymore,
with the support
of a loyal team,
Dr. Greer grew his witness list
from a couple dozen
to over 200.
CALLAHAN: See that little...
that little dot right in,
that dot don't belong there.
I said I'm one of those,
what you would call...
the high government official
in the FAA.
I was the division chief.
I was only three or four down
from the admiral.
I was awarded the Air Force
Guided Missile Insignia.
I was the first photographic
officer in the Air Force
to get the- they called it
the missile badge.
So I forgot
who it was that called,
but he says,
"We got a problem here."
"What's the problem?"
He says, "Well, it's that UFO."
We weren't launching
real nuclear weapons.
We were launching
the dummy warheads.
They were the exact size, shape,
and dimension, and weight.
That we were looking down
southwest,
and the missile popped up
through the fog.
It was just beautiful.
Then I hollered, "There it is!"
Then our guys
on our M-45 tracking mount,
with 180-inch lenses on it,
got it.
We sent the film back down
to Vandenberg.
CALLAHAN: A Japanese airline 747
was coming from the northwest,
going across
the Alaskan territory.
He called and asked
the controller
if the controller had
any traffic at his altitude.
His radar is picking up
a target.
He sees this target
with his eye,
and the target,
the way he described it...
A huge ball
with lights running around it,
and I think he said it was like
four times as big as a 747.
JACOBS: I was called into
Major Mansmann's office
at the First Strategic Aerospace
Division Headquarters,
and Major Mansmann said,
"Watch this."
There was the launch from
a day or two before at Big Sur.
We watched that stage burn out.
We watched the second stage
burn out.
We watched the third stage
And it's going like this,
and into the frame
came something else.
It flew into the frame
like this.
It shot a beam of light
at the warhead.
Fires another beam of light.
Goes around like this.
We're going like this.
Fires another beam of light.
Goes down like this.
And then flies out
the way it came in.
The warhead tumbles
out of space.
CALLAHAN: They brought in
three people from the FBI,
three people from the CIA,
and three people from
Reagan's scientific study team,
and I don't know who
the rest of the people were.
When they got done,
they actually swore
all these other guys into-
that this never took place.
This was one of the guys
from the CIA.
Now, I saw that.
I don't give a goddamn what
anybody else says about it.
I saw that on film.
Phil Klass can kiss my ass.
He wasn't there. I was.
He said this is
the first time they ever had
thirty minutes of radar data
on a UFO.
He said, "You are never
to speak of this again.
As far as you're concerned,
this never happened."
So I said, "Yes, sir."
and walked out,
and that was the last I talked
about it for 18 years.
I had the original video
that I took,
and I had the pilot's report,
and I had the FAA's
first report.
That was all downstairs
on my table.
They didn't ask for that,
so I didn't give it to them.
There are things I know about
that I did in the service
that I won't talk to you about
now because they're top secret,
and I could get my ass in
trouble for talking about them.
If you parse what
Major Mansmann said, he said,
"You're to say
this never happened."
Well, that's not classified
or top secret, is it?
And I was a part of a
United States Air Force cover-up
for 18 years.
But who do you tell that you
were involved in a UFO incident
without them looking at you like
you ain't wrapped too tight?
What we photographed up there
affected me
for the rest of my life,
and made a huge impact on
my understanding of the universe
and of governmental manipulation
of our minds.
NARRATOR: Now, with
the witnesses on his side,
Dr. Greer had the firepower
to attack Washington again.
CBS REPORTER: We are not alone.
That's the message
a group of pilot scientists
and former government officials
want Congress to hear.
21 members of that group already
have testified in Washington
for what's known as
the Disclosure Project.
GREER: And we had all volunteers
who organized that whole event,
and there was no paid staff.
So when people look at
that whole period,
we didn't have an office,
a secretary,
and one paid staff person,
but we did it.
QUIJANO: Dr. Steven Greer
heads up the Disclosure Project,
a group that compiles
information
from people who say
they've encountered
extraterrestrial forms of life.
Twenty years ago, in 1980,
I was a security specialist
assigned the R.A.F. Bentwaters.
Objects made incursions
over our WSA,
fired pencil-thin beams of light
into them,
and adversely affected
the ordnance possibly.
There were bodies
that were involved
with some of these crashes,
also some were alive.
QUIJANO: What do members plan
to do with their information?
They hope Congress and
President Bush take notice.
GREER: We are asking
for the US Congress
and for President Bush
to move towards
an official inquiry
and disclosure
on this subject.
Those that don't want
to believe you
will never believe you anyway,
so it doesn't matter;
it doesn't change the truth.
QUIJANO: A spokesperson for the
senate science, technology,
and space committee
says no congressional hearings
are planned right now.
Elaine Quijano,
CNN Headline News...
STONE: I stand before you today
and my almighty God,
and I tell you this:
if Congress calls me in
and says,
"Will you testify, in detail,
what you know?"
I stand here today prepared
and ready to do just that.
Governments must never lie
to the people.
Thank you.
NARRATOR: The number of people
Dr. Greer
had managed to get behind him
was monumental.
In a perfect world,
an event of this proportion,
with that amount of coverage,
would have been enough to start
a legitimate movement.
But, of course, we hardly live
in a perfect world.
[PLANE CRASH]
[SIRENS]
[EMERGENCY WORKERS' CALLS]
WILCOCK: 9/11 became
the mother of all news stories
and completely changed the game
for everyone.
NARRATOR: Fear, panic,
and strife
were imprinted in the public
consciousness to what end?
Not to go after Al-Qaida,
but rather, to invade
the sovereign nation of Iraq.
Given such a drastically
overt misstep
on the part of a US government
led by an oil family,
the question
on some people's minds
is whether or not
this disaster was exploited,
or worse, engineered.
The Gulf of Tonkin
and the Vietnam War.
Chiang Kai-Shek
and the Korean War.
False flag operations
are nothing new.
However, according to some,
the ultimate card to play
might be yet to come.
[BOMB EXPLODING]
How do you grow
the trillion dollar
military industrial complex
that Eisenhower warned about
into a two or three
trillion dollar program?
You've got to have
a bigger enemy out there.
Von Braun's purpose in life
during the last years
of his life,
his dying years,
was to educate the public
and decision-makers
about space-based weapons.
First, the Russians
were the enemy
against whom we're going
to build space-based weapons.
Then, terrorists
would be identified,
and that was soon to follow.
In 1977, I was in a meeting
in Fairchild Industries,
and in that room were
a lot of charts on the walls
with enemies,
identified enemies,
names of people
I'd never heard of,
names like Saddam Hussein
and Gaddafi.
But we were talking then
about terrorists,
the potential terrorists.
No one had ever talked about
this before.
And they continued
the conversation
about how they were going
to antagonize these enemies,
and that, at some point,
there was going to be a war
in the Gulf.
NARRATOR: According
to these theorists,
after the military
industrial complex
had its war against terrorism,
the next enemy Dr. Von Braun
identified on Earth
would be third world country
fanatics.
But with no more enemies left,
the people would soon be taught
to look to space.
ROSIN: The next enemy
was asteroids.
Now, at this point,
I kind of chuckled
the first time he said it.
Asteroids! Against asteroids,
we're gonna build
space-based weapons.
So it was funny then.
And the funniest one of all
was against what he called
aliens, extraterrestrials.
That would be the final card.
And over and over and over
during the four years
that I knew him
and was giving his speeches
for him,
he would bring up
that last card,
"And remember, Carol,
all of it is a lie."
GREER: Ninety-nine percent
of all the information
out in the public
on this subject
is well-crafted disinformation
designed to scare people
to support the next phase
in global warfare.
This kind of corruption
is why the only things that are
being made on this subject
are things that read down
to paranoia and fear
and the military
industrial complex.
REAGAN: I occasionally think
how quickly
our differences worldwide
would vanish
if we were facing
an alien threat
from outside this world.
I don't think
we're moving forward
if we trade, you know,
factional and ideological war
from one ethnic or religious
or economic system
into an interplanetary conflict
because that's
A-- not survivable
and B-- would be even worse
in terms of
galvanizing the world
around a military structure.
That has been the central
organizing principle
of our society
for a few thousand years,
actually.
NARRATOR: It is hard
to concretely prove
that 9/11 was
a false flag attack
because the people behind it
are so good
at covering their tracks,
especially with the compliance
of the mainstream media.
If you had trillions of dollars,
you'd be pretty good at it, too.
RUMSFELD: The adversary's
closer to home.
It's the Pentagon bureaucracy.
According to some estimates,
we cannot track
$2.3 trillion in transactions.
(ECHO) $2.3 trillion
in transactions.
According to the Comptroller
General of the United States,
there are serious financial
management problems
at the Pentagon.
Fiscal year 1999:
$2.3 trillion missing.
Fiscal year 2000:
$1.1 trillion missing,
and the D.O.D.
is the number one reason
why the government
can't balance its checkbook.
I would like for you to respond
to the questions that
I've put to you today.
I've forgotten what
the second question was.
NARRATOR: There are
two main types
of Special Access Programs:
acknowledged and
unacknowledged, or USAPS.
NARRATOR: Certain USAPS
are waived
and also completely managed
and controlled
by private contractors,
so they enjoy
the secrecy protections
only afforded
to private corporations.
There's virtually no high-level
government oversight
for these types of USAPS.
In many cases
no elected official,
including even the president,
have knowledge
a particular USAP even exists.
Between 1947 and 1949,
the government passed
the National Security Act
and the CIA Act.
These laws allowed
the intelligence community
to withdraw money
from any agency
without disclosure.
Essentially, money could be
stolen from any program,
and no elected official
would ever know about it.
Um, great view
of the eye socket.
Very different eye socket.
That's another thing that
the scientist who looked at this
at Stanford have commented on.
If you look at this creature,
and you look at
the cranial vault,
how large it is.
That the size from the eyes up
is at least three times that
of a human.
NOLAN: One of the first things
that Dr. Lachman
immediately remarked upon
was the shape of the head
and the skull.
It was not something that
he is accustomed to seeing,
and it was quite interesting
and, in some ways, exciting
that the associated features
that you would expect
from a syndrome of that nature
were not found.
This specimen does not fall
under any known, to me,
class of disorders
or syndromes.
In many respects,
the proportions of the spine
and extremities are normal.
The major abnormalities
appear to be
1-- the size of the specimen,
mid-face hypoplasia,
and underdevelopment of the jaw,
and that the specimen
has only ten ribs.
Humans normally have twelve,
rarely eleven.
One of the most remarkable
aspects of this
is when we came down to study
the actual bone density.
One of the features of fetuses
that a specialist looks at
is the so called "growth plates"
or the epiphyseal joint,
say of the knees.
The shock, I think,
and the surprise was
and the absolute certainty
that Dr. Lachman had
was that this specimen is
between the age of
six to eight years old.
The shock was that this specimen
was clearly not fetal.
How do you explain
how something six inches tall
survived to any length of time
that would allow for it
to survive
100 or 1,000 years ago?
LODER: And what amazes me
is the media,
while they're so compromised
in this,
they don't dare do anything but
follow the company line, right?
The company line being
a series of lies.
This is a document talking about
the current program at the CIA,
and it says that the PAO -
Public Affairs Office -
has relationships
with reporters
from every underlying
major wire service,
newspaper, news weekly,
and television network
in the nation.
In many instances,
we have persuaded reporters
to postpone, change, hold,
or even scrap stories
that could have adversely
affected national security.
Now, what's the purpose of this?
The CIA has no mandate
for anything domestic.
The FBI is domestic.
What the hell is this?
NARRATOR: Where are we now?
We are in a bread and circus.
This is a phrase used
to describe the creation
of public approval,
not through excellent
public policy,
but rather through diversion
and distraction.
No, I'm not doing that.
I'm sorry.
You are driving me nuts.
That's ridiculous.
GREER: Keep people fat,
keep them happy,
keep them diverted,
and keep them entertained
with dribble and shock
and nonsense.
That's, unfortunately,
the sort of thing
that has taken the place
of news and information.
WILCOCK: So that
what we're seeing today
is a world in which perception
is being managed
by as little as five major
media corporations
who collectively control
magazines, newspapers,
corporate news websites,
television stations,
movies, documentaries.
NARRATOR: Who are these people?
Who could be behind the curtain?
Who could possibly be
controlling us so effectively?
A shadowy government
with its own Air Force,
its own Navy,
its own fundraising mechanism,
and the ability to pursue
its own ideas
of the national interest,
free from all checks
and balances
and free from the law itself.
MITCHELL: Whatever activity
is going on
to the extent that it is -
the clandestine group,
the quasi-government group,
a quasi-private group -
it is without any type,
as far as I can tell,
of high-level
government oversight,
and that is a great concern.
[RADIO STATIC]
Ladies and gentlemen,
the very word "secrecy"
is repugnant
in a free and open society,
and there is very grave danger,
for we are opposed
around the world
by a monolithic
and ruthless conspiracy
that relies primarily
on infiltration
instead of invasion,
on subversion
instead of elections.
Its preparations are concealed,
not published.
Its mistakes are buried,
not headlined.
Its dissenters are silenced,
not praised.
It is a system
which has conscripted
vast human and material
resources
into the building
of a tightly knit
highly efficient machine
that combines military,
diplomatic,
intelligence,
economic,
scientific,
and political operations,
and we are, as a people,
inherently and historically
opposed to secret societies,
to secret oaths,
and to secret proceedings.
[GUNSHOT]
[WOMAN SPEAKING SPANISH]
SMITH: It's got too much tissue
on it.
They actually want a piece
of the bone from,
at least like
a .5 of a millimeter in.
[SPANISH CONTINUES]
GREER: We took material
from inside the cranium.
Also two clippings of anterior
front ribs of this being.
And we were able to see under
the dissecting microscope
that, in fact, it did have
bone marrow in them,
so that meant there should be
good genetic material in there.
SMITH: It was really
nerve-racking.
Imagine, you know,
two big guys here
trying to operate on this
thirteen centimeter-long being.
But we did it.
NOLAN: The DNA analysis
is being done
by some of the world's best,
but even the world's best
need to be cross-checked,
which is why I'm doing
the three different facilities.
I actually ran four samples.
I ran a sample of my own blood.
A very small amount,
just 100 microliters.
I ran two blanks.
Things that just had water
in them because that would be
essentially
a contamination control.
And then, of course,
the sample itself.
Really the all-important
first result
was whether or not
there was in fact any DNA
which was isolated,
and the actual shock for me
was when I got the amount
of DNA out of this sample.
It was way above what I had
originally expected.
What you have on the left here
is a so called "DNA ladder".
This is a size standard.
This one on the end is,
in fact, my DNA,
and it has an expected size
distribution
as well as some banding.
Validating the original
measurement is this analysis
that basically shows that
we have a nice distribution
for the sample's DNA.
KAKU: When we physicists
look for alien civilizations,
we don't look for
little green men.
We look for energy consumption.
We look for type one,
type two,
and type three civilizations.
What are we?
We are type zero.
We get our energy from
dead plants, oil, and coal.
Around the year 2100
we will become
a type one civilization,
and we see the beginnings
of that now.
What is the Internet?
The Internet is a type one
telephone system.
[OLD COMPUTER DIAL TONE]
KRON REPORTER: Imagine,
if you will,
sitting down
to your morning coffee,
turning on your home computer
to read the day's newspaper.
Well, it's not as far-fetched
as it may seem.
CURRY: Information
has largely been
controlled in a top-down way.
What we're seeing now
is the dissemination
of discoveries
coming up from the grass roots
and not from a top-down
centralized authority
which has the ability to say,
"This isn't making it because
we don't believe it's true.
This is making it because
it fits the mainstream."
MAKREAS: When we want to form
a new team in a new country,
then all we have to do is
contact someone there
using the Internet,
and suddenly they're
a member of the node.
NARRATOR: From this
online collective
seems to come a real communion.
People from all over
gather in groups
to investigate UFOs,
with safety in numbers against
ridicule and disinformation.
What we found in the past
is we had a lot of
anecdotal stories,
but we didn't have
a whole lot of data.
With the advent of personal
computers and the Internet,
we've been able
to collect the data
and analyze it through
some 200-plus data points
to allow us to be able
to compare cases
and to see exactly
what's happening
and what the trends are.
FOX REPORTER:
Nick Pope is our guest.
He made this information public.
He's also the former head
of the Ministry of Defense's
UFO projects,
so if anybody knows,
we think it's you, Nick.
POPE: The Ministry of Defense is
in the process of declassifying
and releasing its entire archive
of UFO files going back decades.
MSNBC REPORTER: It's interesting
and worth pointing out
that while the British
government is releasing
their files
and their documents,
President Obama, who promised to
do the same during the campaign,
he still has not.
LODER: It's fifteen years.
Fifteen years this spring.
-My God!
LODER: I figured that, you know,
after the Disclosure Project,
we'd get this information out,
and we could go on with life.
Governments, we've discovered,
have not gone far enough,
so we've decided that as people
using the CE-5 protocols
to form our own movement
and do what governments
have not been doing.
We think of this as the people's
disclosure movement.
GREER: And so we feel
it's important to create
an effort that's a global effort
which this has become.
My name is Marc Benz,
and this is Rex.
And we're in Bodega, California,
and we're doing CE-5.
My name is Jeff Bird,
and here in Winchester,
Virginia, USA,
we're doing CE-5.
My name is Peggy Brewster,
and here in Middleton,
United States of America,
we are doing CE-5.
We have 1,150 teams
of CE-5 ambassadors
which are spread
over 52 countries.
My name is Andre,
and here in Sweden,
we are doing CE-5.
[SPEAKING GERMAN]
Here in Burlington, Ontario.
Brisbane, Australia.
From Chester, Virginia.
Hamilton, Ohio.
We are doing CE-5.
[SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGES]
And here in Vancouver,
British Columbia...
[SPEAKING FRENCH]
CE-5.
C-E-Cinco.
We're doing CE-5.
GREER: And the reason I think
that's so important is that
it not only builds
the knowledge base,
but it also further
potentiates this concept
of pioneering a new pattern
of peaceful contact.
And that is something
that no other group,
large group on Earth is doing.
Certainly isn't being done
by the State Department
and the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee.
NARRATOR: It seems to be
it only takes one person
to make contact,
but hundreds of voices
worldwide
is a call
that can't be missed.
And likewise with innovation,
the more heads in the game,
the more likely we are
to find a solution.
LODER: There's many, many
technologies
that people have talked about.
Many ways to the mountaintop.
We have so many modes
of converting
quantum vacuum energy
or zero point energy.
Some people think
they know how to do it.
Okay, fine.
But if you do it theoretically,
that's one thing.
But then you've got to do it
experimentally,
and that's the hard part.
NARRATOR: Those opposed
to new energy technologies
can tie the hands
of hundreds of inventors,
but how will they ever fare
against tens of thousands?
NUNEZ: The output milliamperage
is more
than the input milliamperage.
It's a clear indicator
of over unity.
When you oscillate
or vibrate magnetic fields,
there's an effect
in the gravity field.
And how to do that linkage
is what you're trying to get at,
as I understand it.
Maxwell's Equations
are in that term right there.
What happens is if you're gonna
have a gravitational effect,
it's gonna happen over there.
BOARDMAN: This channel here
represents
revolutions per minute.
These are representing
weight that we're measuring
on the load cells.
Full steam ahead.
MURAD: When we look at our data,
we lost seven percent of weight.
We move this thing,
and it loses weight.
I must be generating
gravity waves.
BOARDMAN: Though the device
maintains its shape and size
in terms of dimension,
it is losing mass,
if that's a possibility.
If it is losing mass,
then certainly it would
also be affecting time
in a very localized manner.
MURAD: By looking
at new technology,
you could break through
new commercial aspects
to improve our society.
BOARDMAN: We should be looking
for a disruptive breakthrough
in this technology
within the next ten years.
We're on the brink
of developing any number
of potential propulsion systems
which would take us
out of the solar system.
I think we're going to
beat NASA to the mark.
HARZAN: So I graduated from
the UCLA School of Engineering
in 1976.
I got a flyer from
the School of Engineering
inviting me to a lecture
by Ben Rich.
NARRATOR:
Ben Rich was the director
of Lockheed Skunkworks
for sixteen years.
He oversaw a number of USAPS
that were secretly managed
at the Skunkworks,
including most notably
the development of
the F117 stealth fighter.
Ben shared a slide set
of about forty slides
of different things,
starting with the U2 spy plane
going all the way up
to the stealth fighter,
mentioning that he couldn't talk
about the other secret stuff.
But when he ended his talk,
he had a slide of a black disc
zipping off into outer space.
And he ended this talk
with these words:
"We now have the technology
to take ET home."
MURAD: So you have
to have vision
and you have to have
the guts and the courage
to go out past the steps
and do something of any value,
and we have to go past
our grasp.
And we asked him questions:
What did you mean when you said
we have the technology
to take ET home?
Ben shared three major things
that I think are worthy
of research
by researchers worldwide
at this point in time.
The first was
we've somehow figured out
how to do interstellar
travel already; it's known.
The second point he made was
that there was an error
in the equations.
My suspicion is it's probably
Maxwell's Equations
for Electromagnetic Theory.
The third thing he said was,
"How does ESP work?"
And I was really
kind of startled
'cause I didn't know what
to say, but I blurted out,
"I don't know. All points in
time and space are connected."
And he looked me back
in the eye, and he said,
"That's how it works."
NARRATOR: History has taught us
that to simply innovate
new technology
may not be enough.
We have to find a way
to get past the suppression.
We've already now
had a breakthrough
just a couple months ago
of the tritium battery.
Finally a company
has come up with
an actual
commercializable unit,
but it's very small.
It's designed for an IC
or some small circuit component.
So this is a good sign
because it shows the way to
introduce a free energy device
is to introduce
a small version of it.
If you have a revolutionary
energy device,
it has to be introduced in a way
that doesn't look like
it's a revolution.
[MACHINE WHIRRING]
Science is always changing.
Even back in the 1960s,
they thought that biofeedback,
for example, was impossible.
But now we know that that itself
is an absurd statement
as we have even
toys on the market
that allow people to, you know,
play with biofeedback.
[LAUGHING]
These sciences have been around
for decades.
They have been ruthlessly
kept secret
because of the kleptocracy of
what I call the petro fascists,
the people who are hell-bent
on maintaining
the power of
a centralized petrodollar,
oil, gas, coal system.
So that does create scarcity
because that is a zero-sum game,
but when you take us
off that system
onto this new system,
it's an entirely new
macroeconomic order
and scarcity becomes
nonexistent.
NARRATOR: After years
of disappointments,
Dr. Greer and his team
are now attempting to build
an energy research lab
in Virginia
where scientists and inventors
with working prototypes
will have a safe haven to build.
NOLAN: So this is an example
of how the analysis is done
using what's called
a genome browser,
and it's more or less
a schematic representation
of the chromosomes
and at a very high level
of resolution.
So the sequence that we got
from the mitochondria
tells us with extremely
high confidence
that the mother was
an indigenous Indian
from the Chilean area,
and the haplotype is called B2A.
Now, the other thing that
immediately fell out of the
analysis is that it's male.
It has so-called
Y-chromosome material.
In fact, it's got
a full Y-chromosome.
It probably died
in the last century
if I were to make a guess.
I can say
with absolute certainty
that it is not a monkey.
Right. It is human,
or as close to human,
closer to human
than chimpanzees would be.
But when you count up
the number of mutations
that we're observing,
what we're seeing is more
than what we would expect to be
caused by simple cell division.
When the sequencer is creating
or making these reads,
it's doing it more or less
at random.
So what does
the computer program do
that people have written
and designed?
It takes every one
of the little sequences
and tries to match it
against the known,
and then anything
that doesn't match,
it puts in a little side file
and says, "This is unknown."
At a certain point,
when enough knowns are matched,
I can feel comfortable saying,
"Ah, this is human," right?
But if I'm not careful,
and I don't pay attention
to what's in the garbage can,
what the computer program
is throwing away,
I could be throwing the baby out
with the bath water.
What we've done
is we've scaled back,
and we're seeing
several chromosomes
and pieces of chromosomes
across the top,
which basically leaves us
with a very strange conundrum.
Right. Here you've got
this six-inch-tall
let's call it human, right,
because the DNA says
that so far it's human,
at least the way
that we're looking at it.
This gene PCNT,
which is known to be associated
with primordial dwarfism,
we don't have
any mutations here.
It lived to the age of
six to eight.
Obviously, it was breathing,
it was eating,
it was metabolizing,
and it wasn't living
in an environment
where there was a lot of
advanced medical attention
that was given to it
to allow it to live to that age.
Calls into question how big
the thing might have been
when it was born.
So genetically
you might explain that
by saying that there's some
advanced aging mutation,
something that caused the bone
to age anomalously quickly.
A gene that's known to be
associated with progeria,
that also- no changes there.
So the next problem,
of course, is the ribs
and the number of ribs
in the specimen:
only ten whereas there's
supposed to be twelve.
So there are no mutations
which are associated with
that kind of phenomenon
because it's rarely,
if ever, seen.
The digits are all correct.
The hands are all correct.
There are problems
with the face.
So there's a mid-face
hypoplasia,
and then there's
the larger skull.
So again, I think, in summary,
there are genes associated
with any one or two
of the anomalies that we see
in the specimen,
but there is no mutation
which is known
to accommodate or call
for all of the mutations.
Even with the things
that we know
could be assigned to one
or more of the anomalies,
we don't find them in
the genetics of this specimen.
That leaves open the question:
what genetics is causing the
anomalies that we are observing?
So although I answered this
thinking DNA was the answer,
it made me realize
that in the context
of the bigger biology questions,
that there are
other levels of control
that need to be understood
and answered:
the non-coding RNA,
epigenetics, etcetera,
and things that we probably
haven't even thought of yet.
So if I just look at this
base pair 19,800,000 or so
at this edge of the open region.
I can go all the way over here,
and now I'm at 21,000 or 22,000.
So the answer's not finished,
and it's not as easy as,
actually, frankly,
I thought it was going to be
at the beginning.
So that's basically
2,000,000 base pairs of DNA
where nothing seems to sit.
It's just like the way
societies do things.
They try to fit things in boxes.
We have written a computer
program that does exactly that,
tries to fit it into the box.
Doesn't seem very efficient,
so on that basis
people would call it junk,
but I think we now know
that there's any of a number
of other features
of what DNA's doing in there.
It is expressed,
and so we need to be careful,
obviously,
that we don't let our instincts
or the programs that we write
to match our instincts
make the decisions for us.
No matter what, for me,
this has been a fascinating,
more than an exercise.
As soon as I've collated
this information
into a form that other people
can take advantage of
and it's accepted for
publication,
I'm just going to put it
out on the web.
You know, I don't have
the resources
to study and follow down
every single angle
that this opens up,
but you know,
maybe there is
a listener out there
who will be sufficiently
intrigued by this
to do the analyses themselves.
And maybe they'll find something
that I missed. Great.
If additional samples
or examples are seen of this,
I'll be the first in line
to want to sequence it
because then all bets are off.
I want to say other things here,
but I also don't want
to open myself up for,
you know, attack.
NARRATOR: This search
may have uncovered
a major finding about
life in the universe
and its origins.
What is this being?
Could it be a missing link
in evolution?
Could it be
an entirely new species
or simply a disease
we have never seen before?
Or could this be
an extraterrestrial being
from another world?
Whatever the case may be,
this challenges the boundaries
of human scientific knowledge.
Dr. Garry Nolan
has set a new precedent
for scientific investigation
and rigor
in the realm
of the seemingly impossible.
[APPLAUSE]
GREER: Now, we have now over
4,000 cases
of extraterrestrial vehicles
that have landed,
3,500 pilot cases,
over 5,000 documents
from the US government,
and hundreds of thousands
of pages of documents
from fourteen countries
that have opened their files
since the Disclosure Project
was launched eleven years ago.
And yet...
this isn't on CNN every night.
And this is probably
the most important thing
going on in this planet today,
and yet nobody talks about it.
If we don't explore what to do,
we're going to miss the boat.
NARRATOR: And that could be why
Eisenhower's final message
wasn't just doom and gloom.
It was a charge to the people
to spit out the bread,
look away from the circus,
and take some responsibility.
Only an alert
and knowledgeable citizenry
can compel the proper meshing
of the huge industrial and
military machinery of defense
with our peaceful methods
and goals.
NARRATOR: Since 2001,
24 countries have opened
their UFO files to the public,
including Australia,
the UK,
Vatican City,
Germany, Russia,
and Canada.
The United States
is not yet among them.
GREER: What we have to do
is pave the way
for these leaders
because if the people will lead,
the leaders will follow.
They'll have to.
And it isn't about
overthrowing the Pentagon.
It's about leaving it behind.
My goal, when I started this,
was to make this so that
I wasn't important at all in it,
that there would be
enough people
that they'd go on without me,
and that way it doesn't matter
if I drop dead.
The future is here already.
The technologies are here,
contact is happening,
and if we come together
as a people,
what we're going to find
is that all of us
working together
are going to be able to create
a world that is amazing.
If every single one of us
told everyone we know
that we're being visited
by intelligent life,
that the sciences are here
to give us a new civilization,
we're liberated from
that macroeconomic slavery.
This is the destiny of humanity.
Thank you very much.
God bless you all.
[APPLAUSE]
Thank you.
NARRATOR: What we've
come to learn is this:
We are standing at the precipice
of a new age.
There is power in the many,
but only when
they're acting as one.
That's when resonance happens,
whether joining together
as a responsible citizenry
against the forces standing
to divide us...
or joining consciousness
to unite with the beings,
who are prepared
to communicate with us.
In order to succeed
in this endeavor called life...
we must come together as one.